China emerged as one of the world's first civilizations, in the
fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain. For
millennia, China's political system was based on hereditary
monarchies, or dynasties, beginning with the semi-mythical Xia dynasty
in 21st century BCE. Since then, China has expanded, fractured, and
re-unified numerous times. In the 3rd century BCE, the Qin reunited
core China and established the first Chinese empire. The succeeding
Han dynasty, which ruled from 206 BCE until 220 CE, saw some of the
most advanced technology at that time, including papermaking and the
compass, along with agricultural and medical improvements. The
invention of gunpowder and movable type in the Tang dynasty (618–907)
and Northern Song (960–1127) completed the Four Great Inventions. Tang
culture spread widely in Asia, as the new Silk Route brought traders
to as far as Mesopotamia and the Horn of Africa. Dynastic rule ended
in 1912 with the Xinhai Revolution, when the Republic of China (ROC)
replaced the Qing dynasty. China, as a whole, was ravaged by feudal
warlordism and Japan during World War II. The subsequent Chinese Civil
War resulted in a division of territory in 1949 when the Communist
Party of China led by Mao Zedong established the People's Republic of
China on mainland China while the Kuomintang-led nationalist
government retreated to the island of Taiwan where it governed until
1996 when Taiwan transitioned to democracy. The political status of
Taiwan remains disputed to this day.
China is a unitary one-party socialist republic and is one of the few
existing socialist states. Political dissidents and human rights
groups have denounced and criticized the Chinese government for human
rights abuses, suppression of religious and ethnic minorities,
censorship and mass surveillance, and cracking down on protests such
as in 1989. The Chinese government says that the right to subsistence
and economic development is a prerequisite to other types of human
rights and that the notion of human rights should take into account a
country's present economic level.
Since the introduction of economic reforms in 1978, China's economy
has been one of the world's fastest-growing with annual growth rates
consistently above 6 percent. According to the World Bank, China's GDP
grew from $150 billion in 1978 to $12.24 trillion by 2017. According
to official data, China's GDP in 2018 was 90 trillion Yuan ($13.5
trillion). Since 2010, China has been the world's second-largest
economy by nominal GDP, and since 2014, the largest economy in the
world by PPP. China is also the world's largest exporter and secondlargest importer of goods. 
China is a recognized nuclear weapons state
and has the world's largest standing army, the People's Liberation
Army, and the second-largest defense budget. The PRC is a permanent
member of the United Nations Security Council as it replaced the ROC
in 1971, as well as an active global partner of ASEAN Plus mechanism.
China has been characterized as a potential superpower, mainly because
of its massive population, large and rapidly-growing economy, and
powerful military.

Phase one trials are small-scale, usually involving about 100 participants,
 to assess whether the vaccine is safe for humans. Phase two trials often 
involve several hundred subjects, and mainly evaluate the efficacy of the 
vaccine against the disease. This phase can last from several months to several years.

The final phase is on an even larger scale of thousands of people,
 often across several medical facilities, to further assesses the efficacy 
of the vaccine over a defined period of time. This phase can last several years.

Last month, Mike Ryan, executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Programme, 
said a vaccine for coronavirus is "at least a year away".

However, Sarah Gilbert, a professor of vaccinology at Oxford University who is 
heading a UK team developing a vaccine, told the Times on Saturday that she was 
"80 percent confident" their vaccine could be effective and ready by September -
 cutting the estimated time down to six months.

Gilbert told the newspaper that human trials for her team's vaccine were set to begin in about two weeks.

She added she was working with the UK government to create a possible plan to 
start production before the vaccine is finalised, which could allow the public to 
access the vaccine as soon as it is proven effective.

Pakistan,officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a country in South Asia. 
It is the world's fifth-most populous country with a population exceeding 212.2 million.
 By area, it is the 33rd-largest country, spanning 881,913 square kilometres (340,509 square miles). 
Pakistan has a 1,046-kilometre (650-mile) coastline along the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Oman in the south

 and is bordered by India to the east, Afghanistan to the west, Iran to the southwest, and China to the northeast. 
It is separated narrowly from Tajikistan by Afghanistan's Wakhan Corridor in the northwest, 
and also shares a maritime border with Oman.

The territory that now constitutes Pakistan was the site of several ancient cultures and 
intertwined with the history of the broader Indian subcontinent. 
The ancient history involves the Neolithic site of Mehrgarh and the Bronze Age Indus Valley Civilisation, 
and was later home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including Hindus, Indo-Greeks,
 Muslims, Turco-Mongols, Afghans and Sikhs. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, 
including the Persian Achaemenid Empire, Alexander III of Macedon, the Seleucid Empire, 
the Indian Maurya Empire, the Kushan Empire, the Gupta Empire,[20] the Arab Umayyad Caliphate, 
the Ghurid Sultanate, the Ghaznavids Empire, the Delhi Sultanate, the Mongol Empire, 
the Mughal Empire, the Afghan Durrani Empire, the Sikh Empire (partially) and, most recently, 
the British Indian Empire.

Pakistan is the only country to have been created in the name of Islam. 
It is an ethnically and linguistically diverse country, with similarly diverse geography and wildlife. 
Initially a dominion, Pakistan adopted a constitution in 1956, becoming an Islamic republic. 
An ethnic civil war and Indian military intervention in 1971 resulted 
in the secession of East Pakistan as the new country of Bangladesh.[23] In 1973,
 Pakistan adopted a new constitution which stipulated that all laws are to conform to the injunctions of 
Islam as laid down in the Quran and Sunnah.

A middle power,Pakistan has the sixth-largest standing armed forces in the world and 
is also a nuclear power as well as a declared nuclear-weapons state. 
It is ranked among the emerging and growth-leading economies of the world, 
and is backed by one of the world's largest and fastest-growing middle class populations. 
Pakistan's political history since independence has been characterized by periods of military rule, 
political instability and conflicts with India. The country continues to face challenging problems, 
including overpopulation, terrorism, poverty, illiteracy, and corruption. 
Pakistan is a member of the UN, the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, 
the OIC, the Commonwealth of Nations, the SAARC, the Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition, 
and is a major non-NATO ally.

